[HEITER] It's a grimoire
written by Flamme
c0000001
the legendary mage?
c0000002
[FRIEREN] No. Books
supposedly attributed
c0000003
to Flamme are never real.
c0000004
Every tome uncovered so far
has been a fabrication.
c0000005
This is probably
the best imitation
c0000006
I've come across
over the years, though.
c0000007
It's not a terrible reward
to receive
c0000008
for defeating monsters.
c0000009
[HIMMEL] If you say so,
I don't see the appeal.
c0000010
[HEITER]
What a shame.
c0000011
When you find nothing
but forgeries,
c0000012
you start to doubt
whether the genuine article
c0000013
ever existed
in the first place.
c0000014
[EISEN] The great Flamme,
founder of humanity's magic.
c0000015
To be fair,
it's like a fairy tale.
c0000016
[FRIEREN]
Is that what people believe?
c0000017
I suppose enough years
have passed
c0000018
that she's become
something of a myth.
c0000019
I might be the only one
left alive who knew her,
c0000020
who remembers her face.
c0000021
[birds chirping]
c0000022
Good morning.
c0000023
[fire crackling]
c0000024
It's a miracle!
She woke up early!
c0000025
Okay?
c0000026
And you're shocked by that?
c0000027
Astounded.
c0000028
This is deserving of a reward.
c0000029
[smiles]
c0000030
[blowing]
c0000031
[STARK]
What is happening?
c0000032
[thunks]
c0000033
[sighs]
c0000034
♪
c0000035
My most humble thanks.
c0000036
When I saw this landslide,
c0000037
I feared I would never find
a way through the pass.
c0000038
♪
c0000039
[STARK]
Hey, uh...
c0000040
Is this actually necessary?
c0000041
Are you unhappy?
c0000042
He's offered a fine reward.
c0000043
No, that's not the issue.
c0000044
This would go faster
if you just used your magic
c0000045
to move his cart.
c0000046
But what of future travelers?
c0000047
They'd be stuck here.
c0000048
That's what Fern said.
c0000049
We wouldn't want to be
selfish, now would we?
c0000050
[STARK] Hah.
That's rich, coming from you.
c0000051
[fluttering]
c0000052
[grunts]
c0000053
I insist you have a drink.
c0000054
Oh, thanks.
That'd be great.
c0000055
[cork plops]
c0000056
[gulping]
c0000057
[Stark sighs]
c0000058
It's strange.
c0000059
I thought landslides happened
on a bigger scale.
c0000060
[MALE TRAVELER 6A]
The northern lands
c0000061
have been fighting demons
in this area,
c0000062
and their clashes have had
a far-reaching impact
c0000063
on local terrain.
c0000064
This was likely caused
by such a skirmish.
c0000065
So now we're tending
to the scars of battle.
c0000066
[FERN]
Mister Stark.
c0000067
Would you mind helping me
over here?
c0000068
I could use your assistance
for a moment.
c0000069
Mister Stark?
c0000070
Hey.
c0000071
Could you maybe drop
the "mister" part?
c0000072
Stark is fine.
c0000073
It weirds me out.
c0000074
I'm pretty sure
we're close to the same age.
c0000075
Very well.
c0000076
If you'd prefer it.
c0000077
Stark. You're wasting
everyone's time.
c0000078
-Help me.
-Rude!
c0000079
[STARK] I just meant
that if we're gonna go
c0000080
on this journey together,
you can drop the formalities.
c0000081
We can talk
to each other casually.
c0000082
Oh.
c0000083
And it wouldn't hurt you to be
a little friendlier, ya know.
c0000084
I'm a warrior
with a sensitive soul.
c0000085
What a pain in the rear.
c0000086
[STARK]
What'd you call me?
c0000087
I assume you're making
good progress?
c0000088
[FERN]
You heard her.
c0000089
Let's hurry, Mister Stark.
c0000090
[STARK]
Fine.
c0000091
[MALE TRAVELER 6A]
Aah!
c0000092
You have my undying gratitude.
c0000093
If you'd like, I can show you
the fastest route into town.
c0000094
I have the honor
of escorting an elf, eh?
c0000095
I've lived for many decades,
c0000096
but this is my first time
meeting one of your kind.
c0000097
I suppose we are a rarity.
c0000098
[FERN] Huh. Now that
I'm thinking about it,
c0000099
you're the only one
I've ever seen in person, too.
c0000100
[FRIEREN]
There aren't very many of us.
c0000101
In fact, I've only ever met
c0000102
a handful of other elves
in all my travels.
c0000103
We may live a long time,
c0000104
but we've scattered
to the winds.
c0000105
Of course, it doesn't help that
we don't have romantic urges
c0000106
or reproductive instincts.
c0000107
We're experiencing
a quiet extinction.
c0000108
Over 400 years have gone by
c0000109
since I've laid eyes
on another elf.
c0000110
We may be close
to disappearing.
c0000111
♪
c0000112
[wheels rattling]
c0000113
This is a lovely view
of the town.
c0000114
It's a busy day at the gate.
c0000115
Those look like
merchant wagons.
c0000116
The Liberation Festival
is tonight.
c0000117
It was on this very day
many moons ago
c0000118
that Himmel
and his party of heroes
c0000119
defeated the demons
who plagued this land.
c0000120
That must have been
quite the experience for them.
c0000121
[MALE TRAVELER 6A]
The Liberation Festival
c0000122
commemorates their triumph.
c0000123
Every year, the statues
of Mister Himmel
c0000124
and his companions
in the central plaza
c0000125
are decorated,
and the town throws
c0000126
a grand celebration
around them.
c0000127
Humans love to make a fuss.
c0000128
They'll use any excuse
to hold a festival.
c0000129
More than 80 years have passed
c0000130
since the demons
were finally defeated
c0000131
on that auspicious day.
c0000132
That's plenty of time
for even something so important
c0000133
to begin fading
from the minds of men.
c0000134
But we can't have that.
c0000135
And so we celebrate
c0000136
in remembrance of those
who fought on our behalf.
c0000137
[wheels rattling]
c0000138
[HIMMEL]
Hm.
c0000139
Excellent work.
c0000140
[HEITER]
The fifth time's a charm.
c0000141
This sculptor worked faster
than previous ones.
c0000142
You are constantly
getting statues
c0000143
put up in your honor, Himmel.
c0000144
Well, how else can I assure
that people will remember us?
c0000145
Our lives are fleeting
compared to yours.
c0000146
We won't be around for long.
c0000147
Take a look at this face.
c0000148
Future generations must see
how handsome I was.
c0000149
[FRIEREN] Whatever.
I'm heading back to the inn.
c0000150
Though...there is
a greater reason.
c0000151
When we three are gone,
c0000152
maybe our statues will keep you
from feeling lonely.
c0000153
Come again?
c0000154
You'll know we existed.
c0000155
That we aren't just
fairy tales,
c0000156
but people who stood
beside you.
c0000157
[indistinct chatter]
c0000158
Every year,
we gather in celebration
c0000159
of the spectacular deeds
c0000160
accomplished by this
brave band of heroes.
c0000161
Now that we're here,
c0000162
I must say that you bear
a striking resemblance
c0000163
to Miss Frieren,
that mighty mage of yore.
c0000164
[FRIEREN]
Will they still be doing this
c0000165
100 years from now?
c0000166
Oh, yes.
c0000167
For as long
as this town stands.
c0000168
A 1,000 years?
c0000169
[MALE TRAVELER 6A]
Hmm.
c0000170
That's more difficult
to foresee.
c0000171
[birds chirping]
c0000172
[FRIEREN]
Well? Shall we be off?
c0000173
We have a long road
ahead of us.
c0000174
[STARK]
Speaking of which,
c0000175
you haven't told me what
our final destination is yet.
c0000176
Where're we going?
c0000177
♪
c0000178
[FRIEREN]
To Heaven.
c0000179
[STARK]
Huh. That sounds fun.
c0000180
♪
c0000181
[indistinct chatter]
c0000182
There are a lot of guards here.
c0000183
Do you suppose
something happened?
c0000184
Maybe we should decide
who'll be in charge
c0000185
of the shopping.
c0000186
[thuds]
c0000187
[gasps]
c0000188
We're in town,
Mistress Frieren.
c0000189
-Demons approach.
-Huh?
c0000190
♪
c0000191
c0000192
-Fiend! -[gasps]
-You'd doom us all?
c0000193
♪
c0000194
Well, Graf Granat.
c0000195
Did you hire an elf to kill us?
c0000196
I can't take credit.
c0000197
Though it's true I despise you
c0000198
and pray for your death,
Lord Lugner...
c0000199
I wouldn't be so bold
as to openly attack
c0000200
a peace envoy
in the center of town.
c0000201
I'm no fool.
c0000202
It's a peace envoy?
c0000203
[GRANAT]
They're probably adventurers
c0000204
who don't understand
what's going on here.
c0000205
Certainly,
if that's your story.
c0000206
But in these cold,
calculating eyes,
c0000207
I see bloodlust.
c0000208
I know how the townsfolk feel.
c0000209
They tremble
at the sight of me.
c0000210
Loathe my existence.
c0000211
But despite that,
they still view me as a person.
c0000212
Not you.
c0000213
Whenever you look at my face,
c0000214
you see only a wild beast
that should be put down.
c0000215
And is that not what you are?
c0000216
Demons are simply monsters
who have learned human speech.
c0000217
You only communicate with lies.
c0000218
[GRANAT] Throw her
in the mansion's dungeon.
c0000219
[MALE GUARD 7A]
My lord.
c0000220
[gasps]
c0000221
♪
c0000222
Uh... Hey! Wait!
c0000223
Uh...
c0000224
Huh?
c0000225
This is so boring.
c0000226
Hm?
c0000227
We have bad news.
c0000228
They say you'll be down here
for two or three years.
c0000229
[FRIEREN]
A shorter term than I expected.
c0000230
Could you bring me
a few grimoires later?
c0000231
I know you don't experience
time as humans do,
c0000232
but this is going
a bit too far.
c0000233
It's not as though
I actively chose
c0000234
to be locked away.
c0000235
So, what did he mean
c0000236
when he called those demons
peace envoys?
c0000237
I tried to get some information
while shopping.
c0000238
Aura the Guillotine.
c0000239
You have heard of her, right?
c0000240
The Seven Sages of Destruction.
c0000241
And Aura was one of them.
c0000242
She was a servant
of the Demon King.
c0000243
We killed
most of her followers,
c0000244
but she slipped away
and disappeared.
c0000245
Has she re-emerged?
c0000246
Afraid so.
c0000247
I'm told that she came back
to power 28 years ago.
c0000248
Since then, her forces
have been locked
c0000249
in battle with this town.
c0000250
There have been
many casualties.
c0000251
But the demons
have grown exhausted
c0000252
by the endless fighting.
c0000253
They've come here
to propose a truce.
c0000254
Which is why
they were let inside as envoys.
c0000255
How unwise.
c0000256
There's no use trying
to negotiate with their kind.
c0000257
Surely some good
can come of it.
c0000258
Why not speak to them?
c0000259
Wouldn't the best option
be to stop fighting
c0000260
and start talking
their problems out?
c0000261
No. Nothing will be
resolved that way.
c0000262
Demons are beasts
who seek to devour.
c0000263
Have you ever wondered
why those monsters
c0000264
chose to speak
the same language as humans?
c0000265
♪
c0000266
[MALE VILLAGER 7C]
Please, Hero.
c0000267
You must slay this devil!
c0000268
[shuddered breathing]
c0000269
[HIMMEL]
It's only a child.
c0000270
No. Don't be fooled
by its appearance.
c0000271
It ate her.
c0000272
My daughter is dead.
Swing your sword!
c0000273
[footsteps approaching]
c0000274
-It hurts.
-[gasps]
c0000275
♪
c0000276
Make it stop.
c0000277
Please, Mommy.
c0000278
[shuddered breathing]
c0000279
Step away.
c0000280
I'll handle this.
c0000281
[MALE VILLAGER 6C]
Kill her...
c0000282
and we'd be no better
than them.
c0000283
My friends,
surely this scared little girl
c0000284
can eat what we do
in order to survive.
c0000285
Why don't we give her
the opportunity
c0000286
-to atone for her mistakes?
-[crying]
c0000287
No, chief, you can't.
c0000288
Are you crazy?
c0000289
It took our daughter!
c0000290
I'll never hold her again.
c0000291
[crying]
c0000292
[MALE VILLAGER 6C] Here.
Let me tend to your wounds.
c0000293
You're in luck.
c0000294
I've been looking for somebody
to help out around the farm.
c0000295
Himmel.
c0000296
You're going to regret
not killing this girl.
c0000297
This demon.
c0000298
She's here.
c0000299
Why don't you speak
to her and see?
c0000300
We'll be in this village
for some time, anyway.
c0000301
We might as well try.
c0000302
[FRIEREN]
Fine.
c0000303
♪
c0000304
[fire roaring]
c0000305
Why did you murder
the village chief?
c0000306
[fire roaring]
c0000307
We should've killed it at once.
c0000308
These monsters
cannot live among us.
c0000309
There it is again.
c0000310
Every day since I came here,
c0000311
I've felt your desire
to kill me.
c0000312
But I just wanted
to live in harmony.
c0000313
I figured out a way
to make things right.
c0000314
Here, take this child
as a replacement
c0000315
-for your offspring...
-[all gasp]
c0000316
...the one I ate.
c0000317
That girl is the daughter
of the village chief.
c0000318
Yes, but he isn't alive
anymore.
c0000319
[swords clanging]
c0000320
Despite my good intentions,
c0000321
it seems as though
I have unfortunately made
c0000322
another mistake.
c0000323
You've given me no choice.
c0000324
-I'm taking this child hostage.
-[sword clanging]
c0000325
♪
c0000326
You won't stop me again?
c0000327
No.
c0000328
Mommy, please.
c0000329
[thuds]
c0000330
♪
c0000331
Why call out to a mother?
c0000332
Demons are monsters,
and like all monsters,
c0000333
they don't raise their young.
c0000334
Once born, you are abandoned.
c0000335
You walk this world alone.
c0000336
That makes you ruthless,
solitary creatures.
c0000337
Lone wolves with no concept
of what family means.
c0000338
Explain.
c0000339
Why would you call out
to a mother
c0000340
you've never known?
c0000341
It's simple.
c0000342
That word stops humans.
c0000343
It keeps them
from murdering us.
c0000344
Isn't that magical?
c0000345
Demons use words
to trick humans.
c0000346
You can't trust
a thing they say.
c0000347
They're monsters
who learned to speak.
c0000348
That's how the legendary mage
Flamme defined them.
c0000349
It's in their blood.
c0000350
They're descended from liars.
c0000351
Monsters who found
they could lure in humans
c0000352
by crying, "Help me."
c0000353
[footsteps]
c0000354
[FRIEREN] Don't forget
about the grimoires.
c0000355
[DRAHT]
Granat is late.
c0000356
[scoffs]
What insolence.
c0000357
It's a human diplomatic tactic.
c0000358
Frankly, I'm more curious
about the rouge mage.
c0000359
I've seen her face before.
c0000360
Wild beasts
who only communicate with lies.
c0000361
It's not
an inaccurate description.
c0000362
She can see us for what we are.
c0000363
No one else in this town
understands our true nature.
c0000364
Or perhaps, she's just logical.
c0000365
She knows
there's but one reason
c0000366
to learn our prey's language.
c0000367
They talk to us
so that they may deceive us.
c0000368
Every word is a baited trap.
c0000369
This town won't be standing
for much longer.
c0000370
I should use the confusion
as a cover to escape.
c0000371
[doors thudding]
c0000372
[footsteps]
c0000373
Where are we?
c0000374
This is my son's room.
c0000375
He was a good boy.
c0000376
He'd often boast that he'd take
control of the family soon,
c0000377
offering me a chance
to finally relax.
c0000378
[footsteps]
c0000379
He fought bravely
alongside His Majesty,
c0000380
who then gifted him this sword.
c0000381
And where might
your son be now?
c0000382
[sword clanging]
c0000383
He died in battle
against your leader, Aura,
c0000384
ten years ago.
c0000385
[heavy footsteps]
c0000386
[GRANAT] This sword is all
that was left of him.
c0000387
You monster!
c0000388
I invited you here
to avenge my boy,
c0000389
the child you took from me.
c0000390
I will slaughter you
in his name.
c0000391
Your peace means nothing to me!
c0000392
♪
c0000393
Allow me to compliment
the tidiness
c0000394
of your son's room.
c0000395
I wager you've kept it
just as it was ten years ago.
c0000396
What does it matter to you?
c0000397
I've kept my father's room
the same
c0000398
since he was lost to us, too.
c0000399
From when you struck him down.
c0000400
[gasps]
c0000401
We can put an end
to all of this.
c0000402
Don't you see?
c0000403
Or we can go on spilling
each other's blood,
c0000404
causing more grief,
ruining more lives.
c0000405
We can speak
to one another,
c0000406
can we not?
c0000407
So please.
Let's find another way.
c0000408
[clanking]
c0000409
[shuddered breathing]
c0000410
♪
c0000411
[swords clanking]
c0000412
[GRANAT]
Show them to the guestroom.
c0000413
♪
c0000414
I shall consider this.
c0000415
[footsteps receding]
c0000416
[footsteps approaching]
c0000417
Lord Lugner.
c0000418
-What is a father?
-[chuckles]
c0000419
Who can say?
c0000420
[gurgling]
c0000421
Graf Granat resents us,
c0000422
but he is also
an empathetic man.
c0000423
And that's a flaw
we can wield against him.
c0000424
I aim to win his trust.
c0000425
And if I do,
c0000426
I'll ask him to lower
the town's defensive barrier
c0000427
as a show of good faith.
c0000428
Then Lady Aura's forces
will raze
c0000429
this meddlesome town and feast.
c0000430
♪
c0000431
-[chomps]
-I can't help but notice
c0000432
it's just you and me, Linie.
c0000433
Where has Draht run off to?
c0000434
He said he was eliminating
an obstacle.
c0000435
How irresponsible.
c0000436
What will I do
with that reckless youth?
c0000437
[footsteps approaching]
c0000438
Lord Draht!
c0000439
This area is forbidden
to guests.
c0000440
Why are you here?
c0000441
-Please return to...
-[tinkling]
c0000442
[thudding]
c0000443
[cell door opening]
c0000444
Sorry.
c0000445
I'm told
visiting hours are over.
c0000446
I'm an executioner.
Name's Draht.
c0000447
I serve Aura the Guillotine.
c0000448
Don't fight.
c0000449
I have come here to kill you.
c0000450
I see.
c0000451
Not pretending
you want peace anymore?
c0000452
We've just begun.
c0000453
[sighs]
c0000454
[DRAHT]
According to Lord Lugner,
c0000455
this girl is the only obstacle
standing in our way.
c0000456
If I dispose of her now,
c0000457
and we get Graf Granat
to trust us,
c0000458
this town will crumble.
c0000459
I should warn you
that I am fairly strong.
c0000460
Stronger than me?
c0000461
Stronger even
than Aura the Guillotine.
c0000462
- [LINIE] Who is that mage,
exactly? -[GRANAT] It's a
c0000463
serious crime
to speak to me in such a tone.
c0000464
[FERN] You'd be sentenced
to death for killing the guard.
c0000465
[LUGNER] That bloodthirsty mage
sent more demons
c0000466
to the grave
than anyone else in history.